Transcription completed at: 2025-07-14 21:53:05

[0.00s - 87.12s]: We spend a lot of time trying to help out the end. We need to do the class education part. That's how it's hard. But it's actually not really efficient that way and it will not help you to stop the problem. So what I recommend is, I just want to give you a quick point and tell you, we have a plan to do everything. So we understand you have a lot of questions and we will help you to stop it. because the automaker, everyone comes to us, they use us a different way to ask the same question. But the automaker is actually, we know our clients want to mitigate a risk, they want to get a ban of food, they want to save the tax, they don't want to pay tax as a non-repsist, and they want to pass the immigration. yeah we all understand that and uh you just need to like let us uh have some time to review your things do your work uh do the work and then we will get back to you with an answer and then by that time uh we will have more chance to discuss about uh if you agree with certain approach if you have different perspective we will definitely like respect your decision and then we people who would like to know how to do it. But yeah, at this stage, I would recommend
[88.92s - 93.92s]: let us do the analyze, let us try to propose something,
[95.30s - 151.78s]: let us tell you the timeline, let us try to do everything. Okay, because the reason you pay us is you trust our professional experience, right? Like, we will do all this work, yeah. You know, I actually thank you for calling though. I've been waiting for this call to be honest. You know, for you, I do trust you because we talk and James, my girl, he reference to you and I know you also working with other friends. His friend actually reference you. So I have the trust in you. But it's just sometimes like Amanda when she asks me questions, it makes me worry to be honest. You know, I know you guys are professional, I know you guys are busy, I know you're busy. And that's why, you know, for me, you know, I'm kind of guy, come on, I grow up in a place where it's communist country, right? So I will take everything responsible myself.
[152.38s - 373.82s]: This is my best way of doing everything. You see, like, I draft something or all this because I'm just afraid you guys are so busy, you guys miss understandings. You know, you see me, you know, I also like you, I'm a founder, so whatever I do, I take everything into account. I know I pay for you at this premium price, I know you will do a good job. But I'm just myself, this way you work with me, because I think if we work successfully this time, we're going to work together in a long time because this means. I want to be in a long time relationship, I want to find someone like you. To be honest, I wild-wise surprised you. I think there is... I would say that usually it's a cultural template. I don't know if you have... Because it's very different in Canada, like how we approach tech and how we approach business. Like the approach we are using, including communication from our team, this approach we have been using for over ten years. So yeah, then the template, then the question, and then usually in 99.9% of the case, if our client just responds to a request, we will give them a peace of mind. We just need some time to expect a lot of the questions that you ask. Like, they have some wording that, for example, if you use, ensure something you want, you guarantee something for IRCC, your immigration application. Okay, to be really common, like no accountant or professional would send your response in writing because those are completely outside our advisory roles. The thing is, like, as EPA, we will be responsible for our empowerment and advice. Just at the same time, we want to, like, you know, like, some of this, like, communication. I believe it's just in the cultural difference, or as you are a really detail-oriented person, which we appreciate, but at the same time, we want to do the way in Canada that is efficient to solve the problem. Yes, I understand that you have a lot of passion, that's why I think this call is necessary. I know that I need to give you a call and try to explain your situation. just like, I would say it again, like, relax, and then let us do the work, and then we will have the chance to discuss everything in details until the point that, oh, you feel you are confident, and then we will send the response. Yeah, because now, like, a lot of I would say they are paraphrased in different ways, but they are just asking the same thing. We actually kept the votes on down in the call that we did that week. And it's okay, it's because the knowledge part is different, right? That's why you come to us. us um just i would say that um don't take it as an offense but please understand that like uh
[374.54s - 470.02s]: unfortunately you have really been with the text knowledge and that's why it's the time to try to um understand like our perspective and why we need to do this it's not because we want to just take time and not answer your question or whatever because a lot of the time like for example i give you a really good example if for example you cause the ra or you mentioned a whole bunch of others like oh i'm not rested and blah and all stuff should be like completely remove from your mind because this is just over-analyzed and being really paranoid and this will not help the case yes because our ultimate goal is like we have working with you to be friends and work out your back interest so uh we know what is the point sometimes in your So, my idea is to get rid of those very first gestures. Yeah, may I say something? So, thank you for calling and trying to clarify it. I agree, I agree. You know, Gary, there's one thing, Gary. So, if Amanda asked the question differently, it wouldn't trigger me. I just, you know, like, because I went after I came to you guys, I did a lot of studies, okay?
[470.60s - 488.56s]: And I know you guys are one of the tough, and that's why I decided to go with you guys, with you specifically, to be honest, because I talk to you so I trust you. So, like, when Amanda asked me questions where the way she talked, you know, I'm a detail-oriented guy. Come on, I'm a fucking founder, right?
[489.14s - 610.70s]: I'm a founder. I have businesses. I'm at this age, you know, I've been experience a lot of stuff. and it's not it's okay all the things I'm not sure I'm sure that I have unlimited I have limited knowledge in time that's why I'm here with you right because you know all this and I love to work with you I would say don't like precipice too much emotion in the email it's just a standard procedure when there's questions or those questions we ask the big question to offer like 500 to 1000 clients So please don't take over and over analyze about those. I understand you may want to different tone, but I don't know, in a professional setting or outsmelt, the template, like in fact, do you think it's just certain things, you think it's not professional? That's my concern now. I mean if it's you, if it's come from you, if she is telling me, hey, is Gary telling me okay so we're gonna... Because when she asks the question, okay so they're gonna do like this, they're gonna keep the 60,000, right? So she asks my wife okay, the one thing is, or ask me okay, I was like, oh come on, I need more assessment from Gary. Because I don't know whether it's come from her, Amanda, or it's come from you. You can ask for clarification, right? Like, you don't need it. I think one of the common, like, things that we need to be really upfront with our client is we, professional accounting, when we have lots of complaints, it goes under our perm. So, like, our client should not just rely on my work, but, like, the whole correspondence of course, that was part of the service okay so when we send out something we are responsible
[611.98s - 991.56s]: so when i'm going to send something to you if you need clarification you just need to respond you can say no then you explain certain things why you make this judgment we are open to give you more explanation however if you just reply oh yes you agree but later on you actually disagree that's not an effective communication okay so that's regardless what position the person is because i cannot do everything like i can have like uh over like we have hundreds of this type of space every year and then... That's also one thing I worry too. That's one thing I worry. Yeah. Everyone just come to me to confirm everything so detailed. So I mean, please don't take it personally or take it emotionally. If you want more details, if you want to clarify one thing, then please just focus on that question and try to elaborate. And for now, what we don't want is our client raising a lot of different new questions or just paraphrasing all the questions and ask for the same thing. The thing is we understand how our clients want to achieve the goal. But we are in the same goal. We just want to make sure you give us time to do our work. I definitely will give you guys time to just tell me when. Amanda, give us a few days, I will answer you this. I mean she responds really quick, really fast. I like it. But the one thing is, I don't feel like certain or I don't feel like free of mind. You know what I mean? Like if it's you, you call, you talk. It's just like, yeah. Let me straight forward. We never ever received this type of email from Ayn in the last 10, 15 years or in her the histories maybe she is new but even i never received this type of message uh like telling us the timeline or the recap of post and post so this is uh something that i just want to explicitly tell you that uh we will we know the ways how to do things so we appreciate our clients who just let us do our work. And then we will give you an explanation of different things. And because a lot of the questions is not something we can advise in writing, and if it's out of our screen, for example, if you mention IRCC, for your PR application. So it's not something we provide e-tail response to writing. I can't discuss with you as a friend or as a professional outside of school, but the thing is it's not something we will answer in e-tail. Oh yeah, I mean it just tell me uniquely because I thought like the one thing is, you know, I know like you said you actually do all this admiration stuff too, like Cal10 CPA of admiration, so I thought because I just want Amanda to, when I recap it, I know it takes a lot of time for me to think about all this, but I just want to make sure that because I don't know whether it's from your team or just from her. I just say that, like, a lot of the work you put into the app for, like, it's something that, like, you create a, you create a, uh, all this, uh, I would say that a little bit stress for yourself and also on us, but those are not necessary because, uh, we do have a lot of audit cases, no science would do that, okay? It's just no offense. I'm just thinking that. It's okay. It's okay. Larry, I'm... Hey, we are a business man. It's okay. You throw me things. And I'll listen, Gary. I just wanna... You just tell Amanda that maybe it's just my style. Just when say something. Or when do things, just telling me like, okay, this is actually... Make sure that it's actually she assess this and that's actually coming from your team I don't know like because I only know you I don't know her profile So like using that is under our friend name and we are responsible for her Okay I'm glad to hear And we have three real procedures and then again yeah because our team everyday like myself I have also 1000 emails and Amanda has a couple hundred for sure So we are very fortunate to apply in this, but in a really precise way, if you want a bit more detail on things, just do free to ask. Yeah, we are happy to elaborate on things. Yeah, I mean, that's why, you know, like, hey, I think that's a great way that you call to communicate to me. Because maybe I'm always a little different than a lot of people. It's just my way of doing business and doing things. I just wanted to introduce this in Canada. In Canada we want to be multicultural, we accept different communication styles, but when we handle this type of sense in the taskmaster, we need our clients to follow our needs. Yeah, I definitely, but just tell the one thing, I also have a lot of clients, so I work with clients. Different clients, they have a different way of communication, not everyone is the same. So for sure, we are working together.
[992.48s - 1087.50s]: For sure, the way you call me like this, you're not treating me like every client. So we call, you're telling me this, and you actually take into consideration that I have a little more concern than you call, Which is a great way for you to do business and that's exactly what I'm gonna do too. It's just like sometimes like I would do like because if Amanda like if she just say things like she's in a way that it just you know it's not emotional but for me it trickles me. Like oh she don't know that that's come from here. I would say that it's because of the instructions, right? A lot of the time I realize that our client just gives too much information when we ask like a three-way would be expound me like what people were coming to. Yeah, and actually all the other information about how we take care In the case, we basically need to filter out one information out of a contributor, which is not helpful when we are really busy. I also want to emphasize one point is, usually in similar cases, for clients like this, we only give them like 13 minutes of call. like because you're reverted by a friend like we actually give you a lot of interest conference already but i still understand you still have a lot of passion and concerns but i need to be a bit more um not straightforward about that
[1088.14s - 1104.06s]: but of your concerns is like i understand your own egos and your concerns uh you don't need to think about that too much for now. Gary if you said so I would love to. I just want to know like okay
[1104.62s - 1137.30s]: Gary and the team already concede all information that's what I just want Amanda to say and if that's the case then I'm fine. I don't have to. So I'm saying it's like because you said that right now right hey Sang you know I only take everything into consideration and our team too so I just because Amanda when she answered and asked me a question, I'm scared because I don't know whether it's from your team or from you or it's just from her. I don't know her. I see. You just overanalyzed. So...
[1166.30s - 1185.92s]: and then like the feature that we need to confirm things. If you're fired, if you feel like you're uncomfortable for this type of question, you can use simple reply as well. Like, you're not comfortable about to ask this question and then you give a call and discuss that.
[1186.44s - 1426.02s]: Yeah, for this type of discussion, we need to try to award that. But the thing is, if you really feel uncomfortable, Gary, if you deal with me, because later I also want to help on the corporation stuff. If we work long term, hey, I like this man. I'm the kind of guy that I'm not getting offensive very easily. I want you to throw at me whatever you feel like I'm not doing the right thing. A lot of clients come to us because they like us being honest. Just being honest. That's why I love to work with Hong Kong people, right? right you guys are this and I don't I do something that is out the line is a little out the line oh I'll listen but I would love to hear and I would love to hear from you because I don't like because I only know you right now I don't know Amanda I don't know like what he called it to be honest I don't know what it is the purpose of my call is just I want you to tell everyone to talk to them. This is a really stressful period. A lot of the time, I need to be honest with you, like your email has a lot of information, which is not like usually we accept from clients, and then it has too much information. or no offense, it's just we want to make sure our client's expectation is met, but at the same time we need to communicate our expectations. Sometimes we work with a lot of the doctors, for example, they overanalyze a lot and it makes like an example of, or maybe like a research paper, and then we would directly tell them no like please stop like we are trying to get the tech from the stall we are not trying to have a hey i'm gary i'm a i'm a i'm a tech guy man i'm a fucking tech guy okay and you know tech guy can be very detailed right and you know it and i'm also a businessman like you so uh but yeah you tell me hey say i we got it i got it hey i trust you i trust you that's why i signed with Yeah, right? We got this and then we will give you another discussion. We will have another discussion when we finish everything and before we submit it to the staff. That would be great, yes. It's a standard procedure. So, like, we wouldn't submit everything without, like, getting your approval. So don't worry about it. Like, we just need some time to review and process it. For all those questions, is there anything now you cannot answer on the checklist or whatever? Oh, my wife actually uploads everything. I told Amanda too actually. She already uploads it to Google Drive so that it's easy for us to keep that inside. And then there are a few questions she has in there. That's it. My wife already still up. So Amanda can check that. Yeah, I would say that it's because you are very proactive and intelligent in a way that, it's very different. 99% of our clients, they know nothing and they need specific guidance on everything and they need us to ask their specific questions. We understand you are being very proactive on everything and we appreciate that. We will try to break out how we can do this better together. So that's why I need Gary to call and they say, calm yourself down. Amanda, tell me I cannot call because I don't know whether it's Gary talking or she's... She would say, I think they all have really overall professional service skills, comment by clients and stuff.
[1426.68s - 1471.72s]: They just don't want to say something that's not 100% sure. A lot of their emails are actually reviewed by us. So we don't need to worry too much about tax advisory. When we put any attack of fire in rain rain, those are the size of young. So because this type of advisory is located to 1,000, we have the company that they have over a billion dollars. So we would protect our own system. Yeah, please protect me, Gary.
[1472.22s - 1477.32s]: I really need your expertise right here. I just want you to notice this out case, please.
[1478.32s - 1549.94s]: And... No, I just want to... Actually, she is kind of, you know... Thank you. Yeah, at the same time, I think the overall, it's just a
[1557.58s - 1617.56s]: Thank you. Thank you.
